Questionnaire: 

A. COMPANY and TEAM: 
  1.	Company (name and link)
  2.	Business (What problem you are trying to solve? What is your business model?)
  3.	Was there an existing business/company before the ICO? If so, when was it founded, and what did the business do until now?
  4.	Why do you need an ICO here? What is your model for raising money through equity versus debt versus ICO sales? How does each of these fundraising events line up with key growth milestones of the company?
  5.	What is the utility purpose of the token? What additional value does your token provide?
  6.	Who are the founders? 
    a.  Provide background and LinkedIn profile links
  7.	Who are the rest of the team? 
    a.	List details about the top 3 individuals, other than the founders.
    b.	Are they full-time?
  8.	Founders and Team: What is the compensation model (Salary, equity, proceeds from ICO)?
  (Not looking for actual numbers but bonus points for full disclosure.) 
  9.	Link to your ICO Whitepaper 

     
B. ADVISORS and INVESTORS:
  1.	List all stakeholders in your Company, i.e., Angels, Seed, VC Investors (not the investors in the ICO).
  2.	Pre-Sale:
    a.	Did you have any pre-sales?
    b.	How many tranches of pre-sale were sold?
    c.	Who was it sold to (investors, advisors, friends and family, etc.)?
    d.	Was it available to the public at the same time?
    e.	What are the terms for the pre-sales? 
    f.	What are the discounts/bonuses in a pre-sale? 
    g.	What fraction of the token/coin space is being sold in each round? 
    h.	How much is held back by the company?
    i.	What is the hold/vesting period for each of the pre-sale tranches?
  3.	List all advisors of the Company and for the ICO.
  4.	What is the compensation for Advisors? Are the advisors getting any percentage of ICO automatically? 
  5.	Did the Advisors invest their own money in the ICO?
  6.	Irrespective of 4 or 5, under what terms will they get the coins? (Bonus, extra allocation, or other preferential treatment.)
  7.	What is the vesting period for coins before they are available to the investors, advisors, and the individuals in the team? How is the vesting encoded or enforced?
  8.	If there is no vesting period, what written commitment do you have from the team, investors, and advisors on how long they will hold the coin before selling it? 
  9.	Which underwriting company is running the mechanics and funding of the ICO?
  10.	What legal and accounting firms are advising you? How much experience do they have with coins and ICOs? What advice have they given you so far?
  11.	Any formal links to governments or government entities?
  12.	What is your approach to the Chinese market?
  13.	What is your company's strategy for surviving a possible coin market collapse?
    
C. ICO BASICS
  1.	What is the token type?
  2.	What is the total number of tokens being issued?
  3.	Distribution/Allocation of the tokens between different entities (investors, advisors, Company, individuals on the team, etc.)
  4.	What is your public ICO Date?
  5.	Are there dates/deadlines for registration?
  6.	How do you register or participate for ICO? 
  7.	Do you have a cap for the ICO?
  8.	Is there a vesting or lockout period for the ICO?
  9.	How are you going to hold the funds collected from ICO and your liquidation plan to fund the expenses?
  10.	How do you plan to use the funds raised?
  11.	What is the conversion rate between your token and either Bitcoin or Ethereum? Is that rate completely floating? If not, why? If yes, how well insulated is your business model from currency fluctuation risk?
  12.	Are there any special smart contracts involved? (Provide Github link, if open.)
  13.	If you are relying on smart contracts, who is your security expert that will ensure you do not have any vulnerabilities in the contracts?
  14.	Has there been a bug bounty program? When was it started, and how much have you paid out?
  15.	What other projects or Github repositories in Crypto or related space have your founders/team contributed to?
  16.	Exchanges
      a.	List the exchanges you have a commitment from for getting listed and the ones you are working toward?
      b.	What is the criteria that they require you meet?
      c.	Are they an investor or a beneficiary in the ICO? Is there any financial agreement/compensation model established with these exchanges?
